there's no substitute for Gus I'm
talking about gumption bravery courage
courage means having the strength to
resist opposition danger or harsh
it can be a lot of things thinking by
your friends can take courage we stick
together through thick and through thin
am i right being yourself takes courage
think of any of your favorite heroes
they have courage in space I know the
odds are against me but if there's a way
to win I'm gonna find it
even some of the bad guys have it
but most Oh size isn't a factor
neither is strength I couldn't have won
this one without you Thanks answer it
can't be measured except in actions so
you've got to let your actions speak for
you take it easy for now store up that
courage you never know when your
Dragonball
the volumes about the volume about
the volume
pump up the volume and let the music
play it's absolute a tease
absolute 80s is packed with almost two
hours of top hits from 24 of your
favorite artists get these two brand new
CDs free with your paid subscription to
Entertainment Weekly
call now you won't find absolute ladies
in any store and it's free when you
subscribe to Entertainment Weekly
Entertainment Weekly is the ultimate
guide to popular culture your inside
track on trends styles and personalities
in-depth intelligent and
up-to-the-minute we call now and get 30
issues for four monthly installments of
only $5.99
that's over 70% off the cover price
grab your credit card and call now to
get these mega hands save on
entertainment weekly and get to absolute
eighty CDs free call now and don't miss
a beat
yeah you wouldn't see me boss Johnson
there's no easy way to say this so
you're fired no I'm not yes you are no
I'm not yes you are no I'm not yes you
are no I'm not yes I am yeah you are
what season starting Friday at midnight
only on Cartoon Network
obviously some dogs need a lot more
courage than others Courage the Cowardly
Dog a brand new series to theatres on
Cartoon Network
have you ever worked with anything
high-tech have a city to destroy